Digital electronics course in English (#10379)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-en.md

* [Firebase in a Weekend: Android](https://www.udacity.com/course/firebase-in-a-weekend-by-google-android--ud0352) (Udacity)
* [Gradle for Android and Java](https://www.udacity.com/course/gradle-for-android-and-java--ud867) (Udacity)
* [Jetpack Compose](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQkwcJG4YTCSpJ2NLhDTHhi6XBNfk9WiC) - Philipp Lackner

> * [Kotlin & Android 12 Tutorial | Learn How to Build an Android App](https://youtu.be/HwoxgUPabMk?si=rPuiEeylvAwgf7Eg) - tutorialsEU

Reviewer: Avoid using shortened link(s); use the full link.

```suggestion
* [Kotlin & Android 12 Tutorial - Learn How to Build an Android App 9+ h FREE Development Masterclass](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HwoxgUPabMk) - tutorialsEU
```
